Resumable Uploads in Storage Doc update (#271)
aws-amplify/docs: js/storage.md

Import *Storage* from the aws-amplify library:
```javascript
import { Auth, Storage } from 'aws-amplify';
```

If you use `aws-exports.js` file, Storage is already configured when you call `Amplify.configure(awsmobile)`. To configure Storage manually, you will have to configure Amplify Auth category too.  
```javascript
Auth.configure(
    // To get the aws credentials, you need to configure 
    // the Auth module with your Cognito Federated Identity Pool
    identityPoolId: 'XX-XXXX-X:XXXXXXXX-XXXX-1234-abcd-1234567890ab',
    region: 'XX-XXXX-X',
);

Storage.configure({
    AWSS3: {
        bucket: '',//Your bucket ARN;
        region: ''//Specify the region your bucket was created in;
    }
});
```

#### Put

> Creates resumable uploads and puts data into Amazon S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put method initiates an upload. During the upload, network connection issues are automatically handled by the Storage category; the upload is paused when the network is disconnected, and resumed as soon as the network is available.  You can also manually control the upload process and get the upload progress using the API.
```

});
```

> When a networking error happens during the upload, Storage module retries upload for a maximum of   attempts. If the upload fails after all retries, you will get an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a networking error happens during the upload, Storage module retries the upload automatically when the network connection is available.
```

    .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

#### Pause Upload

Pauses an upload started by ```Storage.put```. This API is also implicitly called when the app loses network connectivity.

Private level:
```javascript
Storage.pauseUpload('key',{level: 'private'});
```

#### Resume Upload

> Resumes a paused file upload to Amazon S3. It also gets implicitly called once you have network connectivity again,if your upload paused on network loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resumes a paused file upload. This method is also implicitly called once your app has network connectivity again, after being paused on a network loss.
```

Private level:
```javascript
Storage.resumeUpload('key',{level: 'private'});
```

#### Cancel Upload

Cancels an ongoing upload. 

Private level:
```javascript
Storage.cancelUpload('key',{level: 'private'})
    .then (data =>console.log(data);)
    .catch (err => console.log(err);)
```

#### API Reference

For the complete API documentation for Storage module, visit our [API Reference](https://aws-amplify.github.io/amplify-js/api/classes/storageclass.html)
{: .callout .callout--info}

## Using a Custom Plugin

> You can create your custom pluggable for Storage. This may be helpful if you want to integrate your app with a custom storage backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage module works with Amazon S3 by default. If you like, you can create a custom plugin for Storage module to make it work with any custom backend.
```
